Everything, not just only this, but every day our experience, day-to-day lives, day-to-day
experiences, not just only day, kind of looking, but even to the momentary looking, to our mind,
our thought is produced by our mind, person thought, to simple thought, and yesterday we started
talking about how that all comes.
If we start looking to the root of this, there's nothing really explanations that can be explained
by it. It is all what the teaching says.
From the emptiness, this is not anything, it's the emptiness of that nature arising all things
magically.
Jai Māyī Chārin's debate is it. If I translate it, it may be right, not maybe correct, but
ground is pervasive, it's not at any size.
From that arising, everything, that's how it's produced. This we can look to our own mind too,
presenting, where is our mind?
There's no substantially solid, we can say, yes, hey, this is our mind, but there is our thoughts
arising.
We're talking how our thought, if we look to our own, this person time, we're talking about how our
thoughts are arising.
And we, each of us, if we look how our thoughts arising, I don't think we can give any answers.
How thoughts? Definitely arising. It's truly arising here, we have thoughts. But how that arises?
If we look to the deep tone, that one fraction before the arising of the thought, if we're trying
to find where is that thought arising?
Kind of more practically, more logically, if we start looking, where is that thought? That coming?
Where is our thoughts coming, or my thoughts coming, your thoughts coming, or your thoughts?
What answer we have? There's nothing. It's not something that we don't know.
We are not smart enough to know. There's nothing to explain.
But that's what the Buddha said, speechless, inexpressible, reaching to the natural. Nature is
beyond conceptions.
Conservation, for those reasons, great masters, like Thar Karmapa, Raujung Doge, and as well as Y
ung Ngan.
Yung Ngan, same voice said, to express of the ultimate meaning of this, even Buddha's tongue is
short.
See, there's nothing to explain. Nothing to explain this, nothing this.
Because explain is we're trying to put in conceptions, or even we're trying to put the word in,
even we don't have conceptions.
We're in enlightened state, we try to put words. What the Buddha used more? Unexpressible, or inex
pressible, inconceivable.
Beyond the conceptions, beyond the world and enables. That is what the true nature is. That is not
it.
How does the horizon, then sometimes used as magically or mysteries, arise?
This is not just only thought. If we look to every angle of this world, things, how that came from,
if we start really looking to the light, such as through the scientist way, quantum physics level,
everything we look at, looking to dethrone the root of how things are arising.
Arising, I don't see anything that can point. If they point, that's wonderful. Can go more deeper,
still.
More deeper, more deeper. Wonderful, that is. It's not something the Buddhism is blocking that.
It's excellent to find more things. But there is nothing to find concrete, solid existence.
We're looking at sub-atomic levels. Even hundreds of thousands of divided sub-atomic levels are
divided.
We're looking where that comes from. Where that comes from. It's looking, looking.
So that means our mind is that, also refined that much, that much.
Soggy and object refined that much, that much. And all these things.
This is the reality of true nature, inexpressible. That is what.
If we're trying to go more deeper, more and more things, what Buddha said?
You're not going further, but you're going back to the consulting world.
Just playing the game. But then the Buddha teach is used as playing the ketties, tales.
Ketties trying to chase the tale of the ketties, going round and round.
Not really going up anything, going round, which is wonderful, maybe.
It's beautiful playing a game, and all this is nice, enjoying the time. That's it. Good.
So this is what, in the Buddha's hand, don't believe that's the creator outside.
The mind is the creator. That's what the Buddha is.
It's not believe, according to Buddhism, that is truth. It's not just believing, believing.
That is correct. That is true. That is accurate. There's nothing more than that.
This is the one of, again, what Buddha is teaching. Lines, rules. Lines, rules.
Big statement, true statement is truth. Lines are always the first truth.
It's truth, nothing. Also Buddha didn't make up something, something, new things.
This is the way it's simple. It is. It is. And the mind is.
And then to kind of to just cover those, we went yesterday, all the other days.
It's like how to use the dreams. Who created the dreams?
The dream is our creations, my creations, my dreams.
And who is that creator? Creator. It's mind.
Mind created dreams. Dreams.
Similarly, this is the big dreams. This is the big dreams.
Big dreams, which is nothing bad. It's beautiful dreams, according to Buddha's teaching.
Only what is incorrect is grasping, clinging. That is incorrect.
This is not nature. Also it's not nature. It's not truth. It's false. False.
That's what we capture. It is. Otherwise, dream is nothing wrong.
Dream is beautiful dreams. And for that reason, what Buddha said.
Enlightenment is dream. Nirvana called it all dreams.
Field is dream. It's awful illusions, magical illusions.
This is our will. And this is the foundation.
So that is really again kind of retouching to the foundation.
Really, really. From then, now, today, we go to the path.